---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

## What did you do this past week?
Continued to learn more fundamentals of OOP that I either never knew, went over my head earlier on, or completely forgot.
I have a Chromebook and have a version of precise Linux which is called crouton. I tried for the life of me to get Docker working on my crouton linux and windows laptop, but I couldn't get docker to run the Hello World image. I tried and failed to get a Linux VM to work on my Windows laptop with VirtualBox and VMWare. I ended up giving up with docker and just decided to work on the project itself.
A brief list of what happened last week:

- Started Collatz.
- learned about lazy cache, eager cache, meta cache.
- Collatz todo list.
- white box/black box testing. unit test v acceptance testing.
- pre/post increment.
- ways of functions "communicating failures".
  - 1)return value, 
  - 2) global variable, 
  - 3) parameter, 
  - 4) throw error


## What's in your way?
Docker in general is in my way. I've spend more time trying to get Docker to work than working on Collatz this week. I've decided to skip docker and just work on the C++ program.
Either I apparently cannot use technology anymore, or something has changed for LinuxVirtual Machines on Windows Systems, because I cannot install a Linux OS on a VM.

## What will you do next week?
I will finish collatz.
I will learn more neat things about OOP.
I will attempt to figure out why I cannot get a linux box on my machine.

## Tip of the Week
I recently learned of a really cool chrome extension called Spreed. It is a speed reader which is helpful for reading large quantities of type at a time. I recommend trying it.
