---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

## What did you do this past week?
I had heard about lambda's in programming languages for the longest time, but I never quite knew what they were. In OOP we finally covered lambda's, at least I'm fairly certain this lambda is what I've been hearing about. We additionally covered the class constructors, more about defining classes, autoconversions, and friendship! I also never knew that classes are able to access the private fields of another object of the same class.

## What's in your way?
I feel as though I'm a broken record. The past "What's in your way?" and like the future of this section will be time, complaining about time, and time management. I'm finishing everything I need to get done, but there's not much time leftover. Most semesters haven't felt this stretched for time other than the one that I took 439. But I suppose it's all (or mostly) positive activities, events, and things, so it's not all bad.

## What will you do next week?
Well I learned shortly after posting last week that the project will not be coming out until after the test, so I'd like to retroactively say that last week I will *not* be starting the new project. This week I will be studying for the test in OOP, which I'm a bit nervous for. I've never actually had an exam here where I had to write more than a tiny bit of code, but I'm sure it will be fine. I am also now on the second wave of interviews for a summer internship. I just learned I'll be flying out to Boston one of the next two weekends, so that's pretty neat!

## Class Impressions
We're now settling into mid-semester, where everyone mostly starts going into a slump of midterms, projects, lack of sleep, and a general haziness. I still am enjoying the class, but through half-open eyes and a tired brain.

## Pick of the Week
I'm aware Downing has already endorsed Slack, and I'm sure someone else's "Pick of the Week" has been this, but Slack is honestly amazing. They really nailed down an easy, fast, and intuitive communication tool for teams. If you haven't looked into it, do it. It's free! 
