---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

## What did you do this past week?
I learned more about the "free stuff" that C++ gives every class, and why it's often bad. The language can only do so much without assumptions, so often it's better and/or necessary to override the default constructor and destructor with your own, correct class.

Outside of school, which has quickly been all of my time, I’ve gone to three interviews in the past week, one in Boston, New York City, and Philadelphia. 

Along with this, I’ve been struggling to keep up with class work due to missing so much because of out of town interviews. I’m told everything will be fine as long as I get an internship, so I’m holding onto that.

## What's in your way?
At this point with my blogs, I should really just include a link to my past posts for this question, because I don’t have a whole lot new or more to say about “What’s in my way?” Interviews are in my way of school, and school is in my way of interviews. I just need to be simultaneously in two cities at once and all my problems will be solved.

## What will you do next week?
I will find a partner and start on the mysterious project Darwin that I will find out about on Monday. I will try to catch up on schoolwork amidst so many different things going on. I will also by flying to San Francisco for three days for another round of interviews. 

## Class Impressions
It’s a tad hard to have more class impressions when I can only attend 1 out of 3 classes a week. But I’m am still enjoying the class. I think I really like C++ as a language and I’m glad I’m taking this class to learn all about it in such detail.

## Pick of the Week
I found a really neat and intiutive app, (WunderList)[https://www.wunderlist.com/] . It’s a cross-platform, well made, and easy to use To-Do List. It’s been helpful trying to organize my life. I recommend checking it out.
