---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## What did you do this past week?
This past week I attended my first Object Oriented Programming class, which so far seems like a very different computer science class than what I'm used to. We jumped right into the code with a Hello World example in C++. I was expecting Professor Downing to gloss over this for a few seconds just to show us syntax, but I surprisingly learned quite a lot for six or seven lines of code. I thought from programming in Java for over 5 years, that I should know most basic things about the language but apparently not. Java's 'import' doesn't actually import anything, it's just a shortcut so one doesn't have to refer to packages and methods by their full name. This just one of the many things I learned from viewing a simple Hello World code snippet. If the rest of the course is like the first 20 minutes of class, I expect to learn so much throughout this semester.
Other than my first couple classes of OOP, I have been furiously adding and dropping classes, started back my dev job at McCombs, and started settling back into the school routine.

## What's in your way?
There’s nothing daunting or inhibiting in my way so far, just some hurdles to overcome in the coming weeks. I have no C++ knowledge or background, but hopefully that shouldn't be a problem coming from experience with Java and C. I've used Docker before and loved it, so I'm excited to use it in an academic setting. 

## What will you do next week?
Next week I plan to have all of my development environment setup, and ready to start my first project for OOP! Also I assume we will learn quite a bit more about other development tools and the basics of Object Oriented Programming.

## Tip of the Week
Unless you want to be stalled, frustrated, and all together hating Docker, avoid using Boot2Docker on Windows as your Docker Virtual Machine. It may have been improved over the last year, but it was a nightmare trying to get anything other than the basic "Hello World" to run through Boot2Docker. I spent a solid week trying to understand why everything was failing, but even Google and Stack Overflow couldn't save me. I eventually scrapped everything and just switched to developing in Linux because it takes all of 30 seconds to get up and running there. I would highly recommend staying far away from Boot2Docker, and just save yourself the trouble and install Docker in a Linux Environment.
