---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---


## What did you do this past week?
I was introduced to the next project, Project Darwin, a turn-based gridded system that has creatures moving around and infecting each other. 

For the third time, we had a UT alumnus/industry software engineer come talk to the class. This time is was Pariveda Solutions, a consulting firm. 

I also unfortunately missed the 50th anniversary of the Department of Computer Science celebration, but that was due to yet another summer internship interview. This time for BlackRock in San Francisco. 

## What's in your way?
There’s only a couple more blog posts left about me complaining about interviews! I have one more round of interviews next week and then they should finally be over and I can stop writing half my blog posts about summer internships interviews. On the bright side, I’m starting to get offers! So there’s finally a positive to all of this flying around and missing school. However these interviews coming up with still take up a decent bit of time, which makes my hectic week even more packed.

## What will you do next week?
For OOP I will start on Darwin, and hopefully finish Darwin. I know I should have started last week, but neither my partner or I could make time last week to sit down together. 

I have a couple more interviews to muddle through. I have a mid-project deliverable for my Mobile Computing class due. And I have a Biotech career fair to check out.

## Class Impressions
I’m excited for Darwin. This feels like the first object focused project in Object Oriented Programming. It has a game element to it which I like, and it’s fun to build a project from scratch. I’m a little disappointed it doesn’t have to do with creatures going through evolution, which I assumed from the name. I had expected to use some sort of machine learning or random changes to the species’ instructions, but I suppose that would be out of the scope for the class.
